README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">AutoQuest</h1>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest?label=Download" alt="Download AutoQuest">
  </a>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./AutoQuest.png" alt="AutoQuest" width="400">
</p>

## 🧭 Overview
**AutoQuest** is a lightweight World of Warcraft 1.12 (Vanilla) addon designed to streamline questing by automating repetitive interactions. It automatically:
- Accepts quests when you talk to NPCs  
- Turns in completed quests instantly  

No more tedious clicking—just pure questing efficiency.

## ✨ Features
- **Auto-Accept Quests:** Instantly accepts available quests from NPCs  
- **Auto-Turn In Quests:** Automatically completes eligible quests  
- **Smart Reward Selection:** If all quest rewards are unusable by the player, the addon selects the one with the highest vendor value  
- **Manual Override:** Hold the **Shift** key to temporarily pause automation and interact manually  
- **Performance-Friendly:** Lightweight and optimized for minimal impact  
- **Vanilla-Compatible:** Fully supports the WoW 1.12 API  

## 📥 Download

You can always grab the latest version here:  
👉 [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest/releases/latest)

## 📦 Installation
1. Download or clone this repository  
2. Place the `AutoQuest` folder into your WoW `..\Interface\AddOns` directory  

## 🙌 Credits
Special thanks to **Intet161** for foundational contributions and inspiration.  
Static vendor price tables adapted from **ShaguTweaks**.

## 💬 Feedback
All feedback is welcome—whether it's bug reports, feature suggestions, or optimization ideas.  
Thanks for using 

## 🛠️ TODO
Planned features for future versions:
- **Configurable Settings UI:** Allow users to manually adjust automation behavior (e.g. enable/disable auto-accept, reward logic, etc.)  
- **Slash Commands:** Add `/autoquest` commands for quick toggles and debugging  
- **Flexible Reward Logic:** Option to auto-pick the highest value reward regardless of usability

Commit message:

docs: update README with new features and roadmap
- Documented slash command configuration and formatting module
- Added TourGuide compatibility and SavedVariables support to feature list
- Expanded TODO section with GUI and localization plans

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">AutoQuest</h1>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest?label=Download" alt="Download AutoQuest">
  </a>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./AutoQuest.png" alt="AutoQuest" width="400">
</p>

## 🧭 Overview
**AutoQuest** is a lightweight World of Warcraft 1.12 (Vanilla) addon designed to streamline questing by automating repetitive interactions. It automatically:
- Accepts quests when you talk to NPCs  
- Turns in completed quests instantly  
- Selects the best reward based on usability and vendor value  

No more tedious clicking—just pure questing efficiency.  
No more watching someone steal your quest giver while you blink 😑

## ✨ Features
- **Auto-Accept Quests:** Instantly accepts available quests from NPCs  
- **Auto-Turn In Quests:** Automatically completes eligible quests  
- **Smart Reward Selection:** If all quest rewards are unusable, selects the one with the highest vendor value  
- **TourGuide Compatibility:** Integrates with TourGuide to filter quests dynamically  
- **Manual Override:** Hold the **Shift** key to temporarily pause automation and interact manually  
- **Slash Command Interface:** Use `/aq` or `/autoquest` to toggle settings in real time  
- **SavedVariables Support:** Settings persist across sessions  
- **Performance-Friendly:** Lightweight and optimized for minimal impact  
- **Vanilla-Compatible:** Fully supports the WoW 1.12 API  

## 📥 Download

You can always grab the latest version here:  
👉 [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/MickeyPickey/AutoQuest/releases/latest)

## 📦 Installation
1. Download or clone this repository  
2. Place the `AutoQuest` folder into your WoW `..\Interface\AddOns` directory  

## 🙌 Credits
Special thanks to **Intet161** for foundational contributions and inspiration.  
Thanks **Shagu** for static vendor price tables from **ShaguTweaks**.

## 💬 Feedback
All feedback is welcome—whether it's bug reports, feature suggestions, or optimization ideas.  
Thanks for using AutoQuest and making questing less painful 🐢

## 🛠️ TODO
Planned features for future versions:
- **GUI for Settings:** In-game interface for toggling options  
- **Localization:** Support for multiple languages and fallback logic  
- **Changelog Generator:** Auto-format commit history into readable release notes
